# Use Case: Hypothetical threat mitigation
Vulnerability CVE-2020-10713 "BootHole" was considered a hypothetical threat to the boot chain in 2018. Public disclosure in 2020 made real the possibility that other bootloaders and boot components could be vulnerable to exploitation that undermines the integrity of the Secure Boot process. To leverage Secure Boot to protect against other potential or hypothetical threats, consider full customization of Secure Boot to remove or minimize any outside vendor influence in the certificates and hashes that are trusted by an endpoint. In other words, replace certificates and signatures provided by commercial entities with those known to be safe to the owning organization, user, or administrators.

Secure Boot without any trusted certificates or hashes is useless. Most systems ship with a variety of trusted DB certificates and hashes that may not be appropriate for all use cases or organizations. Likewise, several KEK certificates are expected -- certificates which enable remote updates and changes to the DB and DBX by commercial vendors. To minimize your exposure to hypothetical threats, consider full customization of Secure Boot.

Many enterprises and users are content with "industry standard" certificates and signing processes. Customization simply permits enterprises to reduce trust in those outside entities and processes by enacting their own procedures, certificates, and signing mechanisms -- a statement that is intended to convey #no judgement# on the current Secure Boot ecosystem.
